I'm in Mongolia to discover what
it means to be a modern day no
matter
wrestling is traditional in
Mongolia you know was it
physically difficult
yes was I scared yes did i lose
i was slaughtered what made it
special was at the end of that
whole day I had this man
speaking to me in Mongolia and
sharing his philosophies of life
you need to be able to ride on
horseback to be a nomad children
learn to do this literally in
many cases before they even
learned to walk
I've never been on a horse in my
life there was no instructions
it was get on your horses and go
in that moment it felt like
there was no separation between
myself the horse the earth the
land the culture it all blended
into one and i will remember
that for the rest of my life
mongolian life is extremely
difficult but you don't hear a
lot of completing I don't even
think they would define it in
those terms as hard or difficult
it was just like I survived is a
nomad for more than a month hope
will definitely not which is the
glimpse into their experience
will help to dissolve the wall
between yourself and others we
can walk away feeling that this
mongolian wrestlers mongolian
Kurtzman or known that is just
like us
Marty and I set out on an
expedition to make the first
print and interactive maps of
Patagonia national park to give
people and on-the-ground
perspective what it's like to
stand in the park itself